DOCS-153 - Docs site domain move (#5557)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/observability/aws/deploy-use-aws-observability/deploy-with-aws-cloudformation/index.md

| Subscribe log groups to destination (lambda or kinesis firehose delivery stream) | <ul><li>**New** - Automatically subscribes new AWS Lambda log groups to Lambda, to send logs to Sumo Logic.</li><li>**Existing** - Automatically subscribes existing log groups to Lambda, to send logs to Sumo Logic.</li><li>**Both** - Automatically subscribes new and existing log groups.</li><li>**None** - Skips automatic subscription of log groups.</li></ul>|
| Regex for AWS Log Groups | Default Value: **aws/(lambda\|apigateway\|rds)** <br/> With default value, log group names matching with lambda or rds will be subscribed and ingesting cloudwatch logs into sumo logic.<br/> Enter a regex for matching log group names. For more information, see [Configuring parameters](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/autosubscribe-arn-destination/#configuringparameters) in the *Auto-Subscribe ARN (Amazon Resource Name) Destination* topic.

> | Tags for filtering CloudWatch Log Groups | Enter comma separated key value pairs for filtering logGroups using tags. Ex KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string. This is optional leave it blank if tag based filtering is not needed. Visit https://www.sumologic.com/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/autosubscribe-arn-destination/#configuringparameters                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Tags for filtering CloudWatch Log Groups | Enter comma separated key value pairs for filtering logGroups using tags. Ex KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string. This is optional leave it blank if tag based filtering is not needed. Visit [here](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/autosubscribe-arn-destination/#configuringparameters).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
